IP filter: Make IP extend Identifier which allows to use it in stream selector (#59)
grafana/lezer-logql: CHANGELOG.md

# 0.2.3 / 2023-11-24

> - **[Chore]**: Upgrade version to `0.2.3`. Fix allowing using `ip` as label name and correctly parse query with it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[Chore]**: Upgrade version to `0.2.3`. Fix allowing the use of `ip` as a label name and correctly parse queries with it.
```
